she told us that she was going to carry
the baby to terms
[Music]
her name is gray
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain grace this film tells the
story of a nine-month pregnant woman who
gets into an accident that leaves her
baby dead but she carries the pregnancy
to term when the baby is delivered
surprisingly it is alive and has an
unusual thirst for blood let's find out
the story of grace
michael and madeline are expecting a
baby in their lives after being patient
for a long time madeline finally got
pregnant and is now nine months pregnant
they looked very happy although vivian
michael's mother seemed doesn't care in
responding to the news of madeline's
pregnancy disappointment with the
marriage of his son and madeline is the
reason behind vivian's cynical attitude
vivian even interfered with the marriage
she suggested that madeline took her
womb at a big hospital instead of just
consulting a midwife but madeline
refused the woman insisted on going to
her trusted midwife anyway
after dinner with michael's parents
madeline and michael went straight to
the clinic
madeline checked her womb with a midwife
named patricia who was her best friend
when they were at school
madeline told patricia that she and
michael had been waiting for her
pregnancy she had two miscarriages and
had to take fertility drugs for three
years patricia seemed touched by the
story of madeline and michael's struggle
to get their baby she told madeline
always to take care of the fetus in her
womb and always take care of her health
the next day at dinner madeline had
excruciating pain in her stomach michael
who panicked immediately took madeline
to the nearest hospital a man wearing a
black suit suddenly burst in while the
doctor was examining madeline the man
named richard claimed to be an
obstetrician who vivian entrusted to
carry out madeline's delivery right now
madeline immediately rebelled the baby
was not due yet and she was furious that
her in-laws constantly interfered in the
marriage
michael did not remain silent he scolded
his mother on the phone michael also
calls patricia asking her to come to the
hospital patricia rushed over patricia
and michael then quarreled until michael
finally left them
an unfortunate incident occurred michael
and madeline had an accident on the way
home from the hospital michael died on
the spot
madeline was bleeding heavily but she
was still alive someone approached her
who was sitting leaning against a tree
the person suggested that madeline
contact her midwife madeline complied
and she underwent treatment at patrice's
clinic
after conducting an examination patricia
finally found out that the fetus in
madeline's womb had died but she
couldn't tell the truth to her
the day of madeline's birth arrived she
struggled with all her might to give
birth to her child even though the pain
was wrecking her body the baby was
successfully born into the world but in
a lifeless state
even though she knew that the baby had
died in the womb patricia still tried to
pump madeline's baby heart but the
result is nil the baby's heartbeat
remained non-existent patricia told
madeline what had happened and the woman
burst into tears madeline hugged her
tiny baby kissing her with tears in her
eyes she sent everyone away and just
wanted to be alone with the baby she had
been waiting for years
patricia who was watching madeline
through the surveillance camera was sad
to see madeline endured her suffering
alone
she then went over to madeline trying to
calm her to patricia's surprise it
turned out that the tiny baby in
madeline's arms was alive
madeline looks so happy that the baby is
alive patricia asked what had happened
and madeline simply replied that it was
a godsend
madeline also named her baby grace
after her health recovered madeline
returned home and cared for grace with
joy like any new mother patricia visited
madeline moments later she advised
madeline to check grace's condition at
the hospital but madeline refused
she was adamant that grace could return
to life by the will of the almighty
patricia finally relented
as grace grew madeline realized the
strange things that happened to her baby
it started with grace's hair which fell
out easily when combed a strong stretch
around grace to a swarm of flies that
often swarmed the child the climax when
madeline is about to bathe grace the
water in the bathtub suddenly turns
blood red and grace cries in pain when
madeline touches the scar on her baby
madeline then called patricia but only a
voice message was answered the
awkwardness continues as madeline
breastfeeds grace at night she felt
excruciating pain in her breasts and was
surprised that the child was gnawing at
her breast skin instead of suckling like
a normal baby madeline realized that
grace didn't want to drink her breast
milk but wanted flesh blood
on the other hand vivien who is still
mourning the death of her beloved son
blames madeline from michael's death
vivian's ambition is to destroy
madeline's life by taking the one person
she loves the most
vivian then contacted a lawyer so she
could seize custody of grace from
madeline madeline tries to find a way to
give grace some fresh blood she bought
raw meat at the supermarket squeezed the
blood from it and gave it to grace but
the baby vomited and cried loudly
apparently grace only wanted fresh human
blood not animal blood madeline thought
that grace would get sick if she didn't
drink human blood
vivian who conspires with richard tries
to seize grace madeline who knows this
finally locks herself in the house so
that grace is not taken from her
in her solitude madeline continues to
feed her baby with her blood on the
other hand madeline was suffering and
had intended to ignore grace but on the
other hand she loved her daughter very
much and didn't want to lose her
the next day richard came to madeline's
house richard was checking on madeline's
ailing condition when he heard grace's
cries richard wanted to check on grace
upstairs but madeline stopped him and
said that grace was just fussy and that
her crying was normal but richard didn't
believe madeleine's words and went
straight to grace's room madeline
panicked and immediately hit richard on
the head from behind until he was
covered in blood a crazy idea across
madeline's mind she intended to use
richard's blood to feed grace the woman
began to execute richard's body
squeezing his blood madeline then hid
richard's body in the toilet unbeknownst
to madeline vivian breaks into the house
and retrieves grace from the crib
madeline realized that grace was not in
her bed immediately panicked and ran
outside she met vivian on the stairs
vivian held a hammer in her right hand
and carried grace vivian and madeline
had a big fight on the stairs until
vivian hit her daughter-in-law with a
hammer madeline fell down in the blood
unconscious
vivian then regrets her actions because
she thinks madeline is dead but then
madeline got up and bit vivian's neck to
death
patricia who came and witnessed all the
terrible events immediately took
madeline and grace away from the house
years passed and grace started teething
she has started to eat meat
on the run patricia and madeline kept
looking for ways to feed grace but for
the time being madeline let her little
daughter eat away at her breasts to keep
grace alive
the film ends
[Music]
you